= Prototype Highcharts Adapter

Highcharts is a charting library written in pure JavaScript, offering an easy way of adding interactive charts to your web site or web application. Highcharts currently supports line, spline, area, areaspline, column, bar, pie and scatter chart types. It's compatible with all major browsers and integrates with all major javascript frameworks (now).

== Prototype Adapter

Highcharts provides an adapter interface, allowing the backend functionality for animations, events, and collection manipulation to be managed by the JS framework of choice. The Highcharts source provides adapters for jQuery and MooTools but doesn't supply one for Prototype.

== Usage

Just include the <b>highcharts-adapter.js</b> file before including highcharts. The adapter will set itself as a global variable which Highcharts utilizes instead of instantiating a jQuery or MooTools adapter. 

 <script type="text/javascript" src="/javascripts/prototype.js"></script>
 <script type="text/javascript" src="/javascripts/effects.js"></script>
 <script type="text/javascript" src="/javascripts/highcharts-adapter.js"></script>
 <script type="text/javascript" src="/javascripts/highcharts.js"></script> 


== Options

Effects.js is not required but including it does provide animated entries and along with any other animations highchart users would expect.

Remember to include excanvas.compiled.js in IE


== Demo

{Demo Page}[http://www.mikenelsons.com/highcharts]


== Contributors

{Mike Nelson}[http://www.github.com/mnelson]
dizzy2[http://github.com/dizzy2]

== License

 Copyright (c) 2010 Mike Nelson

 Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person
 obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation
 files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without
 restriction, including without limitation the rights to use,
 copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
 copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the
 Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following
 conditions:

 The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
 included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

 THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
 EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES
 OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
 NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT
 HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY,
 WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
 FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR
 OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
 
